# flight-tracker
flight tracking map generation scripts -basemap based
########## Aviation edge tanks out a fair bit for what ever reason, and the JSON files will throw an error 'key value not found' ########## or something similar, which causes everything to fail, as there is no json data to sort and put in the csv for the ########## map program to pull. Beyond end user control.

1/20/20
File descriptions
AA-run.sh;
  Script that executes the various scripts in the correct order [PLACE IN CRONTAB --field test has been successful on systems with
  down to every 2 minutes]
Json-pull.py;
  script that pulls data from the API, currently set to pull enroute flights from an array of airlines, filter the json and output             CSV files with the format of [flight number],[LAT],[Long] per row and consolodate them all in one file ALL.CSV plus a json and csv file per airline. 
BASIC LOGGING IS ENABLED --need to improve later.

day-night.py;
  Pulls the data from ALL.CSV and plots the flights on the map, renders the day night shader, places the time stamp on the map.
  Saves the resulting map twice, one is a time stamped image to be used in another set-up later and one is a image named          
  flights.png that is forced the science on a sphere system through another script every few moments.
  BASIC LOGGING ENABLED --Improve later
  
gut.py;
  Simply opens and closes, with out writing anything to them the csv and json files so we start with empty files for each cycle.
  BASIC LOGGING IS ENABLED
  
requirements.txt
  all the dependencies for this to run properly. 
  LOGGING UNNEEDED
  
FOLDER LAYOUT

[JSON]
AA-run.sh|day-night.py|json.py|gut.py
[DATASETS][GEO][LOGS]
Datasets-- maps generated by the script. each map is created twice, flights.png and the time stamped map. flights.png is
           overwritten each time the day-night script is cycled.
Geo     -- location for CSV and JSON files, one of each for each airline. one consolodated csv file, ALL.csv for the map script     
           to pull from.
Logs    -- AVedge.txt logging, should print everything the scripts do.

